## Algorithms and Data Structures II - Project 2025

Mayor Samwise of the Shire, wanting to ensure prosperity for the inhabitants of his beautiful land, dreams of well-stocked taverns. To achieve this, he ordered a census of barley fields, so he knows their locations and the average amount of barley produced per field. He also knows the locations of the breweries, each capable of processing a certain amount of barley.

As the people of the Shire are hardworking and honest, each brewery produces an equal amount of beer from a ton of barley. Samwise has personally visited and knows the locations of all the taverns in his country. Additionally, the Mayor keeps in his records a map prepared by Bilbo, which, in addition to marking his favorite walking paths, also contains the amount of grain and beer that can be transported between individual crossroads.

Among the many treasures brought back by Bilbo from his journey with the dwarves there was a device called a "computer" by the big people. Samwise wants to use it to find the maximum amount of beer that can be delivered to the taverns in his country (first, it must be produced in the breweries, which requires barley grown by the hobbits in their fields). Help Samwise prepare an appropriate strategy. Propose how to represent the information about the fields, breweries, taverns, and roads in the computer. Develop a method to find the maximum amount of beer that can be delivered to the taverns in the Shire.

Unfortunately, after Sharkey's reign, many roads in Shire have been destroyed, causing wagons carrying grain and other goods to frequently break down, making it impossible to always complete previously planned tasks. However, Samwise tasked Peregrin and Meriadoc with estimating the repair cost for each road in their land. In the transport plan for grain and beer, he would like to include the roads whose repair is as cheap as possible. However, he remembers that for hobbits, the most important matters are good food and drink, so he does not want to reduce the amount of beer delivered to the taverns. Modify your solution to minimize the cost of repairing the roads used for transport, while maintaining the amount of transported goods.

It turned out that in different regions of the Shire, the amount of barley grown per field varies. That is why, Samwise has ordered gathering the coordinates of boundary points for each region (each region turning out to be a convex polygon, disconnected from the others). He also knows the amount of barley growing in fields in each region. Modify your solution to incorporate these new pieces of information collected by Mayor Sam.

The Mayor also wants to use the computer's modest memory resources to save your solutions for the future. He dreams of quickly searching these solutions for words such as "beer," "barley," "brewery," and others that might come to his mind someday. He would like to test several word searching methods. Propose appropriate solutions.
